[console_scripts]
mount_3ds = ninfs.main:main
mount_3dsx = ninfs.main:main
mount_app = ninfs.main:main
mount_cci = ninfs.main:main
mount_cdn = ninfs.main:main
mount_cfa = ninfs.main:main
mount_cia = ninfs.main:main
mount_csu = ninfs.main:main
mount_cxi = ninfs.main:main
mount_exefs = ninfs.main:main
mount_nand = ninfs.main:main
mount_nandctr = ninfs.main:main
mount_nanddsi = ninfs.main:main
mount_nandhac = ninfs.main:main
mount_nandnx = ninfs.main:main
mount_nandswitch = ninfs.main:main
mount_nandtwl = ninfs.main:main
mount_ncch = ninfs.main:main
mount_nds = ninfs.main:main
mount_romfs = ninfs.main:main
mount_sd = ninfs.main:main
mount_srl = ninfs.main:main
mount_threedsx = ninfs.main:main
ninfs = ninfs.main:gui

[gui_scripts]
ninfsw = ninfs.main:gui

