MANIFEST.in
README.md
setup.py
pvporcupine/LICENSE
pvporcupine/__init__.py
pvporcupine/porcupine.py
pvporcupine/util.py
pvporcupine.egg-info/PKG-INFO
pvporcupine.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
pvporcupine.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
pvporcupine.egg-info/requires.txt
pvporcupine.egg-info/top_level.txt
pvporcupine/lib/beaglebone/libpv_porcupine.so
pvporcupine/lib/common/porcupine_params.pv
pvporcupine/lib/jetson/cortex-a57-aarch64/libpv_porcupine.so
pvporcupine/lib/linux/x86_64/libpv_porcupine.so
pvporcupine/lib/mac/x86_64/libpv_porcupine.dylib
pvporcupine/lib/raspberry-pi/arm11/libpv_porcupine.so
pvporcupine/lib/raspberry-pi/cortex-a53/libpv_porcupine.so
pvporcupine/lib/raspberry-pi/cortex-a53-aarch64/libpv_porcupine.so
pvporcupine/lib/raspberry-pi/cortex-a7/libpv_porcupine.so
pvporcupine/lib/raspberry-pi/cortex-a72/libpv_porcupine.so
pvporcupine/lib/raspberry-pi/cortex-a72-aarch64/libpv_porcupine.so
pvporcupine/lib/windows/amd64/libpv_porcupine.dll
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/beaglebone/alexa_beaglebone.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/beaglebone/americano_beaglebone.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/beaglebone/blueberry_beaglebone.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/beaglebone/bumblebee_beaglebone.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/beaglebone/computer_beaglebone.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/beaglebone/grapefruit_beaglebone.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/beaglebone/grasshopper_beaglebone.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/beaglebone/hey google_beaglebone.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/beaglebone/hey siri_beaglebone.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/beaglebone/jarvis_beaglebone.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/beaglebone/ok google_beaglebone.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/beaglebone/pico clock_beaglebone.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/beaglebone/picovoice_beaglebone.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/beaglebone/porcupine_beaglebone.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/beaglebone/terminator_beaglebone.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/jetson/alexa_jetson.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/jetson/americano_jetson.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/jetson/blueberry_jetson.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/jetson/bumblebee_jetson.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/jetson/grapefruit_jetson.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/jetson/grasshopper_jetson.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/jetson/hey edison_jetson.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/jetson/picovoice_jetson.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/jetson/porcupine_jetson.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/jetson/terminator_jetson.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/alexa_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/americano_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/blueberry_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/bumblebee_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/computer_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/grapefruit_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/grasshopper_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/hey google_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/hey siri_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/jarvis_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/ok google_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/pico clock_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/picovoice_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/porcupine_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/smart mirror_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/snowboy_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/terminator_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/linux/view glass_linux.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/mac/alexa_mac.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/mac/americano_mac.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/mac/blueberry_mac.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/mac/bumblebee_mac.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/mac/computer_mac.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/mac/grapefruit_mac.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/mac/grasshopper_mac.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/mac/hey google_mac.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/mac/hey siri_mac.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/mac/jarvis_mac.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/mac/ok google_mac.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/mac/pico clock_mac.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/mac/picovoice_mac.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/mac/porcupine_mac.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/mac/terminator_mac.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/raspberry-pi/alexa_raspberry-pi.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/raspberry-pi/americano_raspberry-pi.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/raspberry-pi/blueberry_raspberry-pi.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/raspberry-pi/bumblebee_raspberry-pi.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/raspberry-pi/computer_raspberry-pi.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/raspberry-pi/grapefruit_raspberry-pi.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/raspberry-pi/grasshopper_raspberry-pi.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/raspberry-pi/hey google_raspberry-pi.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/raspberry-pi/hey siri_raspberry-pi.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/raspberry-pi/jarvis_raspberry-pi.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/raspberry-pi/ok google_raspberry-pi.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/raspberry-pi/pico clock_raspberry-pi.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/raspberry-pi/picovoice_raspberry-pi.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/raspberry-pi/porcupine_raspberry-pi.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/raspberry-pi/terminator_raspberry-pi.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/windows/alexa_windows.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/windows/americano_windows.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/windows/blueberry_windows.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/windows/bumblebee_windows.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/windows/computer_windows.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/windows/grapefruit_windows.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/windows/grasshopper_windows.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/windows/hey google_windows.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/windows/hey siri_windows.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/windows/jarvis_windows.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/windows/ok google_windows.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/windows/pico clock_windows.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/windows/picovoice_windows.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/windows/porcupine_windows.ppn
pvporcupine/resources/keyword_files/windows/terminator_windows.ppn