# UNITS: Bohr. Type 2 radial SFs and Type 3 angular SFs, see e.g. Eqs. 8 and 9 in https://doi.org/10.1063/1.3553717
#
# SAMPLE TYPE 2: global_symfunction_short 2 7.14214 0.0 11.338            ! type eta rshift funccutoff
# SAMPLE TYPE 3: global_symfunction_short 3 0.03571 -1.0 16.0  7.55891    ! type eta lambda zeta funccutoff
#
symfunction_short Ge 2 Ge 0.3 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff #
symfunction_short Te 2 Ge 0.3 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff #
symfunction_short Ge 2 Ge 0.2 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 2 Te 0.2 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 2 Ge 0.2 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 2 Te 0.2 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 2 Ge 0.07 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff 
symfunction_short Ge 2 Te 0.07 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff 
symfunction_short Te 2 Ge 0.07 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff 
symfunction_short Te 2 Te 0.07 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff 
symfunction_short Ge 2 Ge 0.03 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff 
symfunction_short Ge 2 Te 0.03 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff 
symfunction_short Te 2 Ge 0.03 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff 
symfunction_short Te 2 Te 0.03 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff 
symfunction_short Ge 2 Ge 0.01 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff 
symfunction_short Ge 2 Te 0.01 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff 
symfunction_short Te 2 Ge 0.01 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff 
symfunction_short Te 2 Te 0.01 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff 
symfunction_short Ge 2 Ge 0.001 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff 
symfunction_short Ge 2 Te 0.001 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff 
symfunction_short Te 2 Ge 0.001 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff 
symfunction_short Te 2 Te 0.001 0.0 12.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff 
symfunction_short Ge 2 Ge 0.001 0.0 13.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 2 Te 0.001 0.0 13.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 2 Ge 0.001 0.0 13.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 2 Te 0.001 0.0 13.0 ! central_atom type neighbor_atom eta rshift funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.2  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.2  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.2  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.2  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.2  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.2  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.2  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.2  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.2  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.2  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.2  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.2  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.2  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.2  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.2  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.2  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.2  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.2  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.2  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.2  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.2  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.2  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.2  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.2  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.2  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.2  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.2  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.2  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.2  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.2  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.2  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.2  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.2  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.2  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.2  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.2  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.2  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.2  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.2  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.2  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.2  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.2  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.07  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.07  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.07  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.07  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.07  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.07  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.07  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.07  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.07  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.07  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.07  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.07  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.07  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.07  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.07  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.07  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.07  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.07  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.07  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.07  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.07  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.07  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.07  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.07  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.07  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.07  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.07  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.07  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.07  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.07  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.07  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.07  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.07  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.07  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.07  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.07  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.07  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.07  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.07  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.07  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.07  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.07  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.07  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.07  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.07  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.07  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.07  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.07  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.03  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.03  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.03  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.03  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.03  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.03  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.03  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.03  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.03  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.03  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.03  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.03  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.03  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.03  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.03  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.03  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.03  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.03  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.03  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.03  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.03  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.03  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.03  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.03  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.03  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.03  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.03  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.03  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.03  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.03  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.03  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.03  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.03  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.03  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.03  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.03  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.03  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.03  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.03  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.03  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.03  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.03  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.03  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.03  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.03  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.03  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.03  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.03  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.01  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.01  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.01  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.01  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.01  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.01  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.01  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.01  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.01  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.01  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.01  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.01  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.01  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.01  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.01  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.01  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.01  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.01  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.01  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.01  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.01  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.01  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.01  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.01  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.01  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.01  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.01  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.01  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.01  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.01  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.01  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.01  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.01  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.01  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.01  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.01  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.01  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.01  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.01  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.01  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.01  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.01  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.01  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.01  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.01  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.01  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.01  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.01  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.001  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.001  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.001  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.001  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.001  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.001  1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.001  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.001  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.001  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.001  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.001  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.001  -1.0  1.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.001  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.001  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.001  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.001  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.001  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.001  1.0  4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.001  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.001  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.001  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.001  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.001  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.001  -1.0 4.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.001  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.001  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.001  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.001  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.001  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.001  1.0  2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.001  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.001  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.001  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.001  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.001  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.001  -1.0 2.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.001  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.001  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.001  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.001  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.001  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.001  1.0  16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.001  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.001  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.001  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.001  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.001  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.001  -1.0 16.0 12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.001  1.0  1.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.001  1.0  1.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.001  1.0  1.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.001  1.0  1.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.001  1.0  1.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.001  1.0  1.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.001  -1.0  1.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.001  -1.0  1.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.001  -1.0  1.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.001  -1.0  1.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.001  -1.0  1.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.001  -1.0  1.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.001  1.0  4.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.001  1.0  4.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.001  1.0  4.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.001  1.0  4.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.001  1.0  4.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.001  1.0  4.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.001  -1.0 4.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.001  -1.0 4.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.001  -1.0 4.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.001  -1.0 4.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.001  -1.0 4.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.001  -1.0 4.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.001  1.0  2.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.001  1.0  2.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.001  1.0  2.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.001  1.0  2.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.001  1.0  2.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.001  1.0  2.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.001  -1.0 2.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.001  -1.0 2.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.001  -1.0 2.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.001  -1.0 2.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.001  -1.0 2.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.001  -1.0 2.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.001  1.0  16.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.001  1.0  16.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.001  1.0  16.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.001  1.0  16.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.001  -1.0 16.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Ge 0.001  -1.0 16.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Te Te 0.001  -1.0 16.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.001  -1.0 16.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Ge 0.001  -1.0 16.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Te Te 0.001  -1.0 16.0 13.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.3   1.0  1.0  12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff ##
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.3   1.0  1.0  12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.3  -1.0  1.0  12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.3  -1.0  1.0  12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.3   1.0  4.0  12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.3   1.0  4.0  12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.3   1.0  2.0  12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.3   1.0  2.0  12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Ge 3 Ge Ge 0.3  -1.0  2.0  12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
symfunction_short Te 3 Ge Ge 0.3  -1.0  2.0  12.0  ! central_atom type neighbor_atom1 neighbor_atom2 eta lambda zeta funccutoff
